Fancy a yoghurt bar?
No, it makes my throat go claggy.
I'm actually really nervous
about tonight.
Why? Oh, you know, last time I was
on 5 Live, I thought Simon Mayo
was going to be a walkover
and it was a bloody nightmare.
You just got unlucky there. I mean,
I suppose there has to be one person
that Simon Mayo doesn't get on with.
Well, at least I've met
Richard Bacon before, at that
Red Cross thing... That's right.
He's nice, actually. Made me
think I must listen to his show.
Did you? No. Have you heard it?
Well, only since we knew you were...
Can't wait to go back to Radio 4.
Although of course I'm much younger
than their core demographic.
I've started listening to Jamie
Theakston in the mornings. Uh-huh?
Very, very sweet, apart from the
prostitute thing. Where is Ollie?
This programme contains
very strong language
This programme contains adult humour
Relationship crisis. He has
to go and cook Emma a meal.
Ollie? Does he cook? I thought he
lived off sandwiches and Tic-Tacs.
Oh, look, they're here already.
Why does the useless one
keep staring at me?
Because she's a mentalist
and she loves you. Yeah.
If you ever crash your car
on a mountain, she'll be the
one waiting to drag you out.
Have you seen Misery?
I'm in the fucking BBC, aren't I?
Hello, everyone.
I'm Richard, the presenter.
Good to see you. This is Janice,
the producer. Nice to meet you.
Hello, lovely to see you again.
Again? Yes, British Red Cross do.
Right, yeah, I remember, yeah.
Peter, how are you? That was great
at the Oval, wasn't it?
It was such a good day.
Got a little bit pissed.
Let's have a drink some time.
Yeah, sure. Thanks for coming in.
You probably know this. We've got
a breaking story about fat-cat
City bonuses
and then piercings is after you
but I might read out some texts
about it during the interview.
And also, it all goes out live
so absolutely no swearing.
No swearing? Oh, we can all
thank our fucky stars for that!
We're going to start the show.
All right, great. OK.
Yeah, you're all in there.
It's the Green Room.
We're all in there?
Yeah, tea, coffee and stuff.
Nicola. Thank you.
Terri? Oh, thanks, yes.
The stupid one keeps staring at me.
Could you block the view possibly?
Yeah, fine.
Why isn't Emma here to help?
She's dumping Ollie tonight. Result.
Probably crying his eyes out
right now like Kate Winslett
losing on a scratch card.
I thought you said you were
cooking dinner. I'm starving.
I didn't realise you had
to cook lamb shanks
for a fucking fortnight.
You shouldn't be using Phil's
courgettes. He counts them.
Phil counts his courgettes?
Every night.
As long as he doesn't do
anything else with them every night.
Right, let's make the mood a little
bit nicer, little bit sexier.
Oh, sorry, Ollie, I need that light.
Sorry. Sorry, I was only being
romantic as I was ordered to
by the Romance Nazi.
I'm going to talk to him.
It's stupid.
OK, I'll come with you.
He's only two feet away.
No, let me, honestly.
I'll be right behind you.
So, hello, then, Peter.
Hello, Nicola. Can I help you?
I don't know. Sit down, Phil.
Well, that's a nice tan you haven't
quite managed to get there, Peter.
Oh, yes, that's very funny.
Because of the shit storm you
created about my second holiday,
I had to cancel my second holiday.
I see what you did there.
You should be in stand-up.
Ben Elton.
Yes, indeed, ladies and gentlemen.
Sorry about the puffin.
No, I don't give a fuck
whose birthday it is.
I'm going to enjoy myself here,
listening to this Murray-Mannion
ding-dong on the radio.
The fat-cat story's breaking so the
Opposition are going to be sweating
like Vegas Elvis on a squash court.
Happy birthday, Malcolm.
Stop saying that, right?
Just you go home. What is this?
Is this my new anal beads?
OK, this has been X-rayed, yeah?
Not going to get fucking...
a present bomb in the face.
This could be from anyone.
Ah, it's from the Prime Minister.
This is fucking
Tom's idea of a joke, eh?
And he wonders why we don't let
him out in public.
Excellent.
£15 from the Golden Temple and
expertly home-chopped vegetables.
That's a beautiful night in.
What are you...?
Oh, Ollie, that's absolutely
disgusting. It's not disgusting.
It's fresh vegetables. I'm not
putting a raw sausage in, am I?
This is fun, isn't it?
Eh? Might be the most enjoyable
meal we've had since I told your
dad off for using the M-word.
Well, it's not my fault that Stewart
asked me to rewrite the CBI speech.
I've got to listen to
this Richard Bacon thing.
Talk radio. Ssh!
Sexy!
Don't worry. I've done some of my
best shagging to Caesar the Geezer.
Can you stop talking shit for
a second, so we can listen to
your boss talking shit instead?
'Here's Richard Bacon.'
You know...when your mum
walked out,
do you think maybe that
wasn't just about your dad?
Fourth sector, people power,
inspiring each other
out of disadvantage.
You need to put in
the linking words as well,
not just the headlines.
I am going to talk in complete
sentences. I think you
should rehearse with those.
OK, how about, "I believe in
people power. Will you fuck off,
Terri?" Is that OK?
We call it the common-sense
check-list, Richard.
We need to cut red tape and we were
talking about that at the Oval
the other day, weren't we, Richard?
That's just the sound of wickets
falling. Stewart. Stewart? Ooh!
Oh, good. I wonder what Mr Political
Correctness Gone Boring wants.
Hi, Stewart.
Look, a little note for Peter, yeah?
Time to dump the common-sense
check-list, yeah? It's an ex-list.
The new world order is this.
Hit the City hard, yeah?
It's reverse gecko.
Greed is bad, money is awful,
I heart Tracy Chapman, yeah?
He wants you to scrap the
common-sense check-list and
hit the City hard over the bonuses,
call them all money-grabbing wankers.
Would you like to come through? Yes.
Phil.
Some of my best friends are
money-grabbing wankers and I've
got to give a speech to a room-full
of them tomorrow at the CBI lunch.
I'm not going to say, "Hello, chums,
I've just taken a slash in the
soup," so, no. The answer's no.
Stewart, Peter's not going
to want to do that.
I don't want him to WANT to do it,
Phil. I want him to DO it.
Stewart says it's a JB diktat.
You have to do it. Tell him
to stick a goose up his arse.
..struck on the foot
after Brett Lee ripped
through their batting line at Lords.
Dimitri Mascarenhas is the man.
Rice is difficult to get right,
isn't it?
Rice is difficult to get right.
Why is that?
God, this is hard work.
Coming up shortly, we've got what
could be a rather fiery showdown
between two political heavyweights.
After trading blows in the dailies,
it's now time for them
to meet face-to-face,
so it gives me great pleasure
to introduce Nicola Murray...
Hello. ..Secretary of State for
the Department of Social Affairs
and Citizenship. Hello again.
I got it right that time. Managed to
come in at the right time! Hello.
And from the Shadow Cabinet, the
Right Honourable Peter Mannion MP.
Hi, Richard, good to see you again.
The Mannion-ator!
Guys, first of all...
How old are you? Have either of
you got any piercings, any tattoos?
I've got an appendix scar.
Does that count?
Classic! You know how it is. I was
with a bunch of pals, got a bit
tipsy, rolled into casualty, yeah.
Hey, we all got it done!
Yeah, in your face, bitch!
That's very funny.
Nicola Murray, any piercings?
Um... Er, er...no. Yes, you do.
No piercings at all.
You have got some piercings.
OK, all right. Er, sorry,
no, no piercings at all, no.
Um, some people say that
my distinguishing feature would
be probably my ears, which
I'm told are quite small.
Right. But I do think we have to be
a little bit careful about taking
too light an approach to culturally
sensitive issues like body piercing
or female circumcision... Earrings!
Earrings! I've got pierced ears.
Let's leave that there.
Fuck me, this is like a clown
running across a minefield!
I'm really worried about Nicola.
She's behaving like a squirrel
trapped in a pedal bin.
All I'm asking you to do is have a
word with...Blondie, the producer,
and cut Nicola some slack because she
needs all the sympathy she can get.
The problem is,
if you say to a journalist,
"Can you avoid that topic?"
that's when they really go for it.
It's like saying
to the school bully,
"I'll wet myself if you tickle me."
Dear Richard,
I don't see the point of piercings.
If you were a robot, you wouldn't
stick bits of dangling flesh
all over yourself, would you?
Now, more on the breaking news
that bank bonuses have tripled
in the past year. Peter Mannion?
Well, some people are paid a great
deal of money for doing things that
are...that are very special, like
top footballers or top entertainers,
and so will...top bankers.
Let's find out what the callers
make of it. Jim in Taunton...
And we'll never know what
Jim from Taunton's thoughts are.
What are your thoughts tonight,
Emma from this flat?
Actually, Ollie, we do need to talk.
That sounds ominous, like "Did you
until recently have a cat?"
kind of, er...
PHONE RINGS
Hang on, I've got to take this.
Oh, fuck this!
Right, OK, you do that.
I will go for a shit with the
lovely Polly Toynbee. Stewart, hi.
Emma, poppet. Look, Peter is going
almost violently off-message
over at 5 Live so I'm afraid I'm
going to have to scramble you.
I've sent a cab round.
Just call me when you're en-route.
And if you get any problems,
solve those problems.
OK, Stewart, I'm on my way.
What? I've got to go to the office.
I thought we had to talk.
CBI speech. I'll talk to you later.
Oh, right, OK. I've got to go.
What we would be looking for is
getting people to inspire each other
out of poverty, out of disadvantage.
How can you be "inspired"
out of poverty?
Well, I'm choosing to ignore
your rather cynical tone...
No, I'm not being cynical,
Nicky Murray.
It's a perfectly legitimate question.
How can you be inspired
out of poverty?
OK. You are being cynical, but
anyway, we'll park that. One of
our initiatives is to designate...
Nicola, fourth. ..certain people
as fourth-sector pathfinders.
Now, they would be, er,
pillars of a normal community...
Give a little review.
Have-a-go heroes, for example. No,
we're talking about everyday heroes.
I assume you'd want to avoid
Charles Bronson style vigilantes.
Oh, yes!
Yes, we don't want Charles Bronson.
More Charles, er...er...Dance.
Or Chaplin.
Peter Mannion, the animosity
between you...
MOBILE RINGS
Out!
All right!
Is that Nicola's doctor? Probably
trying to book a circumcision.
Malcolm? Are producing porno now
for the visually impaired?
What? Because what I'm hearing here
on the radio is Nicola Murray
being roundly fucked.
What is this - Bukaki at Bedtime?
Just...fuck, put Ollie on.
Ollie? Um, well, he's not here.
He's at home.
Tell that fucking stick of celery
to get his arse out of there
and get down to 5 Live right now.
Tell him to inject some energy into
Nicola's performance. At the moment,
she's coming across
like a Nazi float at the fucking
Notting Hill carnival.
It seems to me what I call
a political meringue -
sweet but lightweight
and very little substance.
He's like bloody Ustinov, isn't he?
It's such an old joke.
Can you please just get out?
Can you both fucking
get out the studio now?!
You and fucking Rupert Brooke,
just out!
I know exactly what you mean.
The other day, the BBC sent me
on a health and safety away day
where they taught me how to carry
a cup of coffee.
This is exactly what I mean.
That makes no sense. That's nonsense
and we need to say no
to the nanny state, boo to nanny,
and claw back some
personal responsibility
in the name of common sense.
Hang on,
we need to say "boo to nanny"?
Yeah, it's just a...a...play on...
Jools Holland's Hootenanny.
I...I...didn't write it.
It's, er...but, er...
Hey, nanny, no. Right.
- Oh, hello, nice dinner?
- Fuck off, Bagpuss.
God, your hands are massive!
It's already won
a few major awards...
Glenn? Sorry, mate.
Calling you in from your love nest
by the orders of Pol Potty-mouth.
No, no, fine, I'm coming,
I'm coming. I am coming.
I was just on the verge
of saying that to somebody else,
only in a slightly higher voice.
Can I just pause there to read
out some texts on piercings?
"Dear Richard, my friend's daughter
got piercings all round her mouth.
"She looks like she worked
in a ball-bearings factory
and there was an explosion
"and all the shrapnel
got embedded in her face.
"I don't like it."
- Hey, that was quick.
Did you tell him?
- Kind of. He's getting the message.
I couldn't say while you were
together, but I really don't
know what you saw in him.
You told me all the time
how much you hated him.
That was one of the main reasons
I went out with him so long.
Are you splitting up with Ollie?
Sorry, can you hear
all right over there?
I can pop into the studio and get
some microphones so you can
get all the details.
I can hear fine, yes. No, I
think that's a really good idea.
I mean, for your sake.
I'd back you up on that.
I'd have your backing?
Oh, fantastic. Thanks.
Emma, you're over-emotional.
Why don't you go home,
drink some mojitos with your
girlfriends and talk about shoes?
I've got it covered here.
Yeah, well, actually
Stewart called me IN
because he wanted me to
sat-nav Peter out of the dead end
you've driven him into.
Perhaps you should piss off and read
that Marie Claire you nicked off me.
Hi, Stewart, he's great, isn't he?
Boo to nanny? Phil, no-one
watches Jools Holland, yeah?
We need to be appealing to
One Show man and Holby City woman.
What's he saying?
Just shut up, Emma,
the men are talking. Is Emma there?
Yes, she is here. Thank God.
Put her on, Phil. Stewart, hi.
This is the brief. Got a pen?
Have you got a pen?
Yeah. You're not having it.
Do you need a pen?
I do, thanks, Sorry, Stew, hang on.
Why don't you have one
just Sellotaped to your chin, Emma?!
Write this down. Write on his shirt,
just write it down!
I'm serious.
Are you listening to Daddy? OK.
I want you to pull some info on City
bonuses - tax evasion, non-doms.
Let's name and shame some fat cats.
I want to hear some
fact-enforced noise.
Terri?
Terri, a word.
Could I have my pen, please?
Oh, sorry, yeah, I wasn't gonna
keep it. It's a Parker, so...
Those two are absolutely awful.
She is a complete bitch.
I think he might be simple.
Well, thank your lucky stars
this is your chance to get away
from Princess Anne and
Captain Mark Phillips.
I've done a list of the fat
cats and bonuses. I wonder if you'd
like to run this in to Nicola.
Yeah, sure. Good.
Thanks, Glenn, for getting me in
on my special night off.
Emma was furious
when I said I was coming in here.
She was moaning, she was screaming,
and then I said I was coming in
here. Do you see what I did?
I see. It's a funny joke
about my sexual prowess...
What the fuck are YOU doing here?
Oh, I'm having an affair
with Richard Bacon.
I'm incredibly aroused by men
with meat in their surname.
You...YOU told ME...
I cooked a lovely meal...
Ordered, and it wasn't lovely.
What the fuck's going on?
Sorry, I've just got to take
this call. I'll talk to you later.
So...she did come.
She came into work.
Do you see what I did there?
Fuck off, man!
..when you yourself
were actually in Cabinet.
We have tried repeatedly
to initiate legislation which
will outlaw these bonuses.
Now, your party has persistently
blocked those attempts.
I think it's an interesting point.
What do you say, Peter Mannion,
to the accusation that these huge
bonuses, and the offence that they
cause, are the fault of your party?
I think that's a completely
fatuous argument when Nicola's party
has been in Government for what
seems like about a century, and
bonuses under their watch have
increased...what, five-fold?
Oh, dear. Come on,
Nicola, pull your finger out.
OK, fine, so you personally would
like to see more done to hit
the fat cats?
Is that what you're saying?
Well, yeah...yes, yes.
I...I...would,
if the person receiving the bonus
hasn't performed well. I mean...
Can I simplify this?
Would you outlaw bonuses?
In the case of them
being undeserved, yes.
Which the bulk of them are,
so basically you're saying
the bulk of your friends
in the City are disgusting.
No, no, no, yes. Yes, but only if
the bonuses they receive are unfair.
It's all right,
I think we've got your point.
Thank you. Let's move on. Let's go
to Derek who's been waiting...
Right, if you speak to me, I will
pour hot coffee on your balls.
Hey, I don't want a fight.
I want to clear the air, actually.
We're like those two little
old people in the weathercock.
You come out, I'm in there,
and we're swapping round.
You're Mr Sunshine, are you?
I'm Mr Sunshine!
You're a little wooden...
twat in a little wooden house.
We could be friends.
I'm thinking, you know, two enemies
and they come together
when they realise it is no more.
Aragorn and Boromir.
Me, Aragorn, the true king.
You, Boromir. Your horn is
broken and will be blown no more.
This inability to talk without using
Lord of the Ring metaphors is one of
the very many reasons that
we could never be friends. OK.
By the way, you'll be getting a bill.
That's OK.
I presume you're expecting that.
OK, I'll bite.
Why will I be getting a bill, Phil?
Well, let me see -
partial rent, electricity,
gas, internet use, toilet paper.
Kept a note every time you were
round at the flat. You're moving out?
Oh, that's a shame. I'll miss
doing that secret and bad thing
I did with your roll-on deodorant.
I'm not moving out.
I'm just guessing that, seeing
as Emma's dumped you, you won't
be coming round much any more.
What?
Oh, let me just savour this moment.
Oh, thank you, God.
She hasn't told you, has she?
What? She's dumped you.
She did it tonight.
No, bullshit.
She didn't do it tonight.
Let me get a little photo
of this moment. No, please...
A new desktop picture here.
Put the fucking phone down.
She told me! Why would she tell
you first, dickwad? I've no idea.
She told me to get out the flat
tonight so she could dump you.
In the words of Shakespears Sister,
you're history!
Oh, fuck!
It's a dark suit and it's
only lukewarm. I still win!
Jim Henderson, what's your point?
Is that Jim Henderson from Clifton?
You two know each other?
We've met, we know each other.
We've met. Yes, we have met.
Surprised to hear you
turning on the City boys.
You never found the JFU donating
huge wodges of cash
to your party disgusting.
Well...well...that's a separate...
Even though everyone knows they've
got links with sweat shops.
Wow. What? Well, this is
quite an extraordinary allegation.
A very serious...
Yes! Linked to sweat shops?
That should be looked into...
Oh, it's my birthday!
..know the facts.
I've just told you the facts.
Are you calling me a liar?
I can't believe my ears.
Did we just break a story that wasn't
"The Ipswich manager's got sacked"?
It's my birthday!
Cunt cake? Go ahead.
Right, Emma, look, look, look,
I'm just coming in, OK?
Yeah. I'll be 20 minutes, right?
See if you can get Peter to do
something inoffensive
for 20 minutes.
Hard-boil four eggs.
You tell fucking Man at C&A that
I'm dumped before me, is that it?
I thought he knew. Sorry.
Fucking twit.
Do you mind keeping it down?
Some of us are trying to listen.
Peter's tearing through her
like a Viking at a nunnery.
If he's a Viking, he's King Cnut.
What? Yes, he's drowning
in the party donations.
- You should listen.
- Bullshit.
Emma, just... Emma! Ssh!
You can't even fucking look at me.
We're trying to listen here now.
Fuck off, Phil!
ALL TALK AT ONCE
OK, do you want to shut up?!
If you lot don't keep this down,
I'm going to have you all ejected
from the building. You are the worst.
My chair still smells of
your perfume! Excuse me!
For the record, I have done nothing.
Yes, that will be
your epitaph, Terri.
We need to go to the news and sport
here. Just before that, a quick text.
"Dear Richard, I love piercings.
They are part of who I am, literally.
Tina in Weymouth."
Where the fuck
are Terry and June going?!
Good, yes! I'm cooking now!
Cooking with gas.
I'm fucking DS Metcalfe!
I'm cracking eggs, I'm pouring
in baking powder, I'm using
fucking vanilla extract!
That was not good.
That was the opposite of good.
Bad? How do I counter?
Have you heard of JFU?
I didn't actually hear that bit,
so I don't know. You couldn't hear?
Christ! You're... Sorry.
You're here to hear, Phil.
Why do you think you're here?!
You're here to hear!
You're not here for eye candy!
Look, it's not my fault.
It was very noisy in here.
Ollie and Emma were splitting up
and I couldn't focus...
Why's Emma here?
Stewart sent her down here.
Why have you got wet trousers?
Ollie threw coffee at me.
I'm sorry, I seem to have wandered
into some 1970s' Ray Cooney farce.
Is the vicar about to come
round with Robin Askwith?
Headphones on ears, arses on chairs.
Ollie, we don't make any time
for each other any more.
We're busy people, we work
really hard. We work harder
than Fat Pat's arteries...
Did you used to make
time for each other?
I mean, I think that's the
crucial question. Sorry...
OK, just for a second, Aunt Terri,
fuck off. Where am I meant to go?
Pretend you've got to go and have
a shit. Or something. You're going
to be a lot better off without him.
What do you mean, I'm going be...
Sorry, do you talk about me at work?
Fuck this.
This is like that nightmare I had
about being on Loose Women.
- Everyone knows that
Schumacher is the Stig.
- I think that was just publicity...
Right, back to Loose Women.
Friend of mine thinks it's actually
May, Hammond and Clarkson, purely
cos Stig is an anagram of gits.
He should not be talking about me
at all, let alone about things
that are totally private.
Then the bank bonuses
are very high, aren't they?
I know you've been talking about me,
Terri, because I've got this weird
Derren Brown thing going on
where I can see and hear things.
So, Ollie, what exactly have
you been saying to them
in the office about me?
I've been saying you smell of
fennel, you're racist, you torture
horses and you're in the Bangles.
That's what I've been saying about
you at work. I think you've
been sexually bragging.
Don't flatter yourself.
Emma, I didn't send you here to chat
about your sex life. You're here
to back-block Peter's narrative.
And what's happened to Phil? Don't
get me wrong, I like it, but I'm
not seeing him in man-made fibres.
He's just drying his...
He's drying his trousers.
I don't want to know.
Your party created spin and we
had to respond... No, no, no...
How perfect. Who should walk in...?
I'm Stewart Pearson.
You see the fat man that you're
berating like a pinata?
Well, I own him. Peter Mannion,
that's a fascinating...
And, as we speak, who should come
rolling along the corridor
but Malcolm Tucker,
the man who was once referred to
as the Gorbals Gerbil...
Don't do a joke.
Peter, don't do a joke.
Peter Mannion, can you explain,
please, why your party spin doctor
has arrived entirely unannounced?
I would say it was an indication
of how seriously our party is taking
the allegations
that we were receiving...
Don't say it again! ..donations...
- From a sweat-shop labour company.
- Ooh!
You prep him with this shit, yeah?
Yeah, the last thing I said
to him was go in there and bomb.
Well, it fucking worked!
Usually he comes across like just
another third-rate Donald Sinden, but
tonight he's like a ventriloquist's
dummy that's fucking falling to bits.
It's nice to see you without those
veins in your temples throbbing.
You've got your work
cut out with him!
Look at the hair!
You've got to do something.
He's like fucking Swiss Toni.
This is radio, but it's great to be
getting this straight from you,
thanks.
Do you both have to
make so much noise?
I don't know if they told you
this on your training day, love,
but this is fucking soundproof.
- They can't hear you.
We're like Ted Moult to them.
- Look, can you please get out?
No, actually we are entitled to be
in here. They should all be in here.
All of their political advisors
should be in here.
I'm going to get them.
Night in, night out,
it strikes me that one
or both of you are in trouble.
Well, I can assure you it's not me.
Er...
I just want to add
to the party atmosphere.
We're perfectly entitled... There
is a text here from Tim in Ruislip.
This is what Tim's text says.
Nicola is a hypocrite.
JFU also donate to the Government.
In fact, they donate twice as much
as they do to the Opposition.
Can I just say to the listeners,
I have no idea what's going on now.
We're in a studio,
there's another room...
We have to get out, right?
OK, let's get you all...
What do you reckon, Malcolm?
Seems like the big issue to me.
We've got to move onto piercings.
Janice, in the interest
of balance...
Right, can you shut up, right?!
Malcolm's right.
I decide what is news.
Absolutely.
And this is fucking news.
Bullshit!
Right, look, see this here? You do it
and I will press this fucking button.
Don't fucking threaten me.
Richard, Tim in Ruislip.
We've just received this text from
Tim... She's actually put it through.
..and he says, "Nicola is
a hypocrite. JFU also donate
to the Government.
"In fact, they donate twice as much
as they do to the Opposition."
That's your fucking career over,
right, OK? You're fucking dead.
And those three little words -
Tim in Ruislip -
are the fucking nails in your coffin,
dear. Tim...in...Ruislip.
Tim in fucking Ruislip!
And as for Tim in fucking...
Yeah, OK, can you stop
fucking saying that, please?!
He's fucking dead as well,
that fucking texting coward.
Give me his number.
What's his fucking number?
- Give me the fucking number...
- Click off the screen now.
If you don't give me his
fucking number, I'm going to
have to fucking go to fucking Ruislip
and fucking snap the thumb and
forefinger off of every single
person I see who I think resembles
the kind of wanker that'd be walking
around in this day and fucking age
with a name like fucking Tim!
How do you think that sounds, huh?
Quite, quite mad.
You and I have to have a word.
He wants me to step outside.
Right, you're on, mate.
I want you in there,
rattling your fucking jewellery
and talking about your fucking
Prince Albert. Come on.
He doesn't actually work here.
Vamoose! You lot, fucking vamoose!
Johnny fucking Depp, get in here.
I'll fucking shove a fucking magnet
down your throat and watch your
fucking face implode. Get in.
Here he is. Piercings. Sit down here.
I assume you're
for the piercings debate.
Here's the fucking thing. Nobody
talks about fucking dodgy donors, OK,
because it makes everybody look bad.
OK, I'll go
the different angle, then.
How do you think it would land
with your female voters
if they were to find out
that Tom Rudd forced his secretary
into having an abortion?
That was her own personal choice
and, by the way, it wasn't his.
So him paying for a private clinic,
then, was just because he's such
a nice man? He is a nice man.
What about your nice man
at Central Planning, eh?
The one who got a bit carried away
and fucking slapped his kids a little
bit too much. Fucking broke the skin!
He wasn't such a nice man, was he?
But I suppose that's just part
of your common-sense check-list.
All they need's a good slap
but do please remember to
leave your fucking rings on.
You got your facts wrong, Malcolm.
That was a domestic accident.
Domestic accident?
He's got fucking hands the size
of fucking doors! Oh, you want
to talk about hard men, Malcolm.
Now, I know you've got to be hard
to be a chief whip, but really, coke
dealing at university? Oh, please!
Am I right in thinking that he's now
godfather to one of the PM's kids?
At the back of my fucking
filing cabinet, I've got
a fucking photograph that
I've been waiting for a fucking
rainy day to show everyone, a photo
of your fucking Shadow Chancellor
at one of his fucking parties,
dressed up in fucking bra,
suspenders and fucking black face!
What's his defence going to be, eh,
when I email that to the fucking Sun?
Oh, well, I am just
de Shadow Chancellor.
He won't have a defence
because you haven't got that picture
because that didn't happen.
However, I do have a statement
from a rent boy...
Oh, you can claim that against
your expenses, can't you? Very
funny. Or do you get that for free?
This statement says he will swear
that one of your prominent
back-bench MPs paid him
to sit on his chest.
Don't...!
Look, this is out of order, OK?
Here's the deal.
We both make statements
saying that our guys in there were
not in possession of all the facts,
hmm? But we're looking into it.
You'd do that?
Hang your own guy out
to fucking dry?
What, Peter Mannion MP,
Old Guard? We're not sending
him to DoSAC to fatten him up.
We're putting him out
to pasture, Malcolm.
We should just go home. We can
do that. We can just seal this,
contain the toxicity, Chernobyl FM.
Carry on like this and I
might not find you utterly
fucking contemptible.
That's an incentive.
I'll get my bag.
Have a look at Ben there.
Do you think that's art?
Well, it's...it's...not really
for me to say and, of course,
there's quite a lot
of tattoos there
as well as piercings.
And also if you can
take your Wii Fit.
I bought you
the Wii Fit as a present.
I don't want it.
Well, you could fucking use it.
What did you just say?
They crucified him and it was
because it was that programme,
but it's good
that he's found his way back.
If it had been Magpie,
nobody would've cared.
Well, no-one cared about Magpie.
We didn't watch it in our house.
Oh, happy birthday, Malcolm.
Don't you fucking start.
It's not a special one, is it?
50th? Nah.
Er, excuse me, is this
a car for Nicola Murray?
Well, she said I could take it.
Well, good night, Malcolm.
See you on election night.
I'll pop round, pick up the keys.
What is this? Are you working
the railways or something?
Andrew in Suffolk writes,
"The body is a temple.
"Temples aren't made of metal.
Case closed."
You couldn't turn that
to Magic FM, could you, mate?
Or I'm going to have to tear
my eyelids off and scrunch them up
into fucking ear plugs.